pubs/index.md, before:

---
title: Publications
---

# Publications

- __Church Synthesis on Register Automata over Linearly Ordered Data Domains__\\
  STACS'21, with L.Exibard and E.Filiot\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12141)
  &#8226;[video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJvEm1wPiWA)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/stacs21.bib)

- __Register-Bounded Synthesis__\\
  CONCUR'19, with O. Kupferman\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://www.cs.huji.ac.il/~ornak/publications/concur19.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/concur2019-presentation.pdf)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/concur19.bib)

- __Bounded Synthesis of Register Transducers__\\
  ATVA'18, with B. Maderbacher and R. Bloem\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05017.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/bounded_synthesis_of_register_transducers.pdf)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/bounded_synthesis_of_register_transducers.bib)


- __Reactive synthesis: branching logic & parameter*i*zed systems__\\
  PhD thesis'18\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://github.com/5nizza/phd-thesis/raw/master/thesis/main.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/phd_thesis.pptx)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/phd_thesis.bib)

- __OpenSEA: Semi-Formal Methods for Soft Error Analysis__\\
  arxiv'17, with P. Klampfl, R. Koenighofer, R. Bloem, A. Abu-Yonis, S. Moran\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.04291.pdf)
  &#8226;[tool](https://extgit.iaik.tugraz.at/scos/soft-error-analysis/)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/open_sea.bib)\\
  Note: the paper was rejected from FMCAD'17 (it is not very well written, I must admit),
  and we did not have energy to re-submit it.
  Patrick Klampfl defended his [MS thesis](https://extgit.iaik.tugraz.at/scos/soft-error-analysis/blob/master/doc/thesis/2016-12-13_SEA.pdf) on this topic.

- __CTL* Synthesis via LTL Synthesis__\\
  SYNT'17, with Roderick Bloem and Sven Schewe\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1711.10636.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/ctl_via_ltl.pdf)
  &#8226;[poster](posters/ctl_via_ltl_poster.pdf)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/ctl_via_ltl.bib)\\
  Note: this workshop version has an incorrect note on page 13 right before theorem 1.

- __Bounded Synthesis for Streett, Rabin, and CTL*__\\
  CAV'17, with Roderick Bloem\\
  &#8226;[pdf](pdf/bounded_ctlstar.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/bounded_ctlstar.pptx)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/bounded_ctlstar.bib)
  &#8226;[video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIqHkWuii-M)\\
  Note: the conference version contains errors in proofs, the fixed version is in my thesis.

- __Decidability in Parameterized Verification__\\
  SIGACT News'16, with Roderick Bloem, Swen Jacobs, Igor Konnov, Sasha Rubin, Helmut Veith, Josef Widder\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://www.react.uni-saarland.de/publications/BJKKRVW16.pdf)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/pmcp_decidability_journal.bib)\\
  Note: this is the journal version of our book with the same name.

- __Tight Cutoffs for Guarded Protocols with Fairness__\\
  VMCAI'16, with Simon Ausserlechner and Swen Jacobs\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1505.03273.pdf)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/guarded.bib)\\
  Note: see also a better formated version in my thesis.

- __Decidability of Parameterized Verification__\\
  book, with Roderick Bloem, Swen Jacobs, Igor Konnov, Sasha Rubin, Helmut Veith, Josef Widder\\
  &#8226;[link](https://www.morganclaypool.com/doi/abs/10.2200/S00658ED1V01Y201508DCT013)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/decidability_pmcp.bib)

- __Specification Format for Reactive Synthesis Problems__\\
  SYNT'15\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1602.01175.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/spec_format.pptx)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/spec_format.bib)

- __Parameterized Model Checking of Token-Passing Systems__\\
  VMCAI'14, with Benjamin Aminof, Swen Jacobs, Sasha Rubin\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.4425.pdf)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/pmcp_token_passing.bib)

- __Parameterized Synthesis Case Study: AMBA AHB__\\
  SYNT'14, with Swen Jacobs and Roderick Bloem\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.7608.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/par_amba.pptx)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/par_amba.bib)\\
  Note: the version contains bugs in the theory part,
  please read the version in my thesis.

- __PARTY: Parameterized Synthesis of Token Rings__\\
  CAV'13, with Swen Jacobs and Roderick Bloem\\
  &#8226;[pdf](pdf/PARTY.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/PARTY.pptx)
  &#8226;[poster](posters/PARTY_poster.pdf)
  &#8226;[tool](https://github.com/5nizza/party)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/PARTY.bib)

- __Towards Efficient Parameterized Synthesis__\\
  VMCAI'13, with Swen Jacobs and Roderick Bloem\\
  &#8226;[pdf](pdf/Towards_Efficient_Parameterized_Synthesis.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/Towards_Efficient_Parameterized_Synthesis.pptx)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/Towards_Efficient_Parameterized_Synthesis.bib)
  \\
  Note: the conference version contains several errors, please either read this version,
  or, even better, my thesis.

Commit message:

pubs: icalp 22 generic solution to reg bound synth

pubs/index.md, after:

---
title: Publications
---

# Publications


- __A Generic Solution to Register-Bounded Synthesis with Application to Discrete Orders__\\
  ICALP'22, with L.Exibard and E.Filiot\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09978)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/generic_solution_reg_bounded_synthesis.pdf)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/icalp22.bib)

- __Church Synthesis on Register Automata over Linearly Ordered Data Domains__\\
  STACS'21, with L.Exibard and E.Filiot\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2004.12141)
  &#8226;[video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJvEm1wPiWA)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/stacs21.bib)

- __Register-Bounded Synthesis__\\
  CONCUR'19, with O. Kupferman\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://www.cs.huji.ac.il/~ornak/publications/concur19.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/concur2019-presentation.pdf)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/concur19.bib)

- __Bounded Synthesis of Register Transducers__\\
  ATVA'18, with B. Maderbacher and R. Bloem\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1809.05017.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/bounded_synthesis_of_register_transducers.pdf)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/bounded_synthesis_of_register_transducers.bib)


- __Reactive synthesis: branching logic & parameter*i*zed systems__\\
  PhD thesis'18\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://github.com/5nizza/phd-thesis/raw/master/thesis/main.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/phd_thesis.pptx)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/phd_thesis.bib)

- __OpenSEA: Semi-Formal Methods for Soft Error Analysis__\\
  arxiv'17, with P. Klampfl, R. Koenighofer, R. Bloem, A. Abu-Yonis, S. Moran\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1712.04291.pdf)
  &#8226;[tool](https://extgit.iaik.tugraz.at/scos/soft-error-analysis/)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/open_sea.bib)\\
  Note: the paper was rejected from FMCAD'17 (it is not very well written, I must admit),
  and we did not have energy to re-submit it.
  Patrick Klampfl defended his [MS thesis](https://extgit.iaik.tugraz.at/scos/soft-error-analysis/blob/master/doc/thesis/2016-12-13_SEA.pdf) on this topic.

- __CTL* Synthesis via LTL Synthesis__\\
  SYNT'17, with Roderick Bloem and Sven Schewe\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1711.10636.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/ctl_via_ltl.pdf)
  &#8226;[poster](posters/ctl_via_ltl_poster.pdf)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/ctl_via_ltl.bib)\\
  Note: this workshop version has an incorrect note on page 13 right before theorem 1.

- __Bounded Synthesis for Streett, Rabin, and CTL*__\\
  CAV'17, with Roderick Bloem\\
  &#8226;[pdf](pdf/bounded_ctlstar.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/bounded_ctlstar.pptx)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/bounded_ctlstar.bib)
  &#8226;[video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YIqHkWuii-M)\\
  Note: the conference version contains errors in proofs, the fixed version is in my thesis.

- __Decidability in Parameterized Verification__\\
  SIGACT News'16, with Roderick Bloem, Swen Jacobs, Igor Konnov, Sasha Rubin, Helmut Veith, Josef Widder\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://www.react.uni-saarland.de/publications/BJKKRVW16.pdf)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/pmcp_decidability_journal.bib)\\
  Note: this is the journal version of our book with the same name.

- __Tight Cutoffs for Guarded Protocols with Fairness__\\
  VMCAI'16, with Simon Ausserlechner and Swen Jacobs\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1505.03273.pdf)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/guarded.bib)\\
  Note: see also a better formated version in my thesis.

- __Decidability of Parameterized Verification__\\
  book, with Roderick Bloem, Swen Jacobs, Igor Konnov, Sasha Rubin, Helmut Veith, Josef Widder\\
  &#8226;[link](https://www.morganclaypool.com/doi/abs/10.2200/S00658ED1V01Y201508DCT013)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/decidability_pmcp.bib)

- __Specification Format for Reactive Synthesis Problems__\\
  SYNT'15\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1602.01175.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/spec_format.pptx)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/spec_format.bib)

- __Parameterized Model Checking of Token-Passing Systems__\\
  VMCAI'14, with Benjamin Aminof, Swen Jacobs, Sasha Rubin\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1311.4425.pdf)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/pmcp_token_passing.bib)

- __Parameterized Synthesis Case Study: AMBA AHB__\\
  SYNT'14, with Swen Jacobs and Roderick Bloem\\
  &#8226;[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1406.7608.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/par_amba.pptx)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/par_amba.bib)\\
  Note: the version contains bugs in the theory part,
  please read the version in my thesis.

- __PARTY: Parameterized Synthesis of Token Rings__\\
  CAV'13, with Swen Jacobs and Roderick Bloem\\
  &#8226;[pdf](pdf/PARTY.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/PARTY.pptx)
  &#8226;[poster](posters/PARTY_poster.pdf)
  &#8226;[tool](https://github.com/5nizza/party)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/PARTY.bib)

- __Towards Efficient Parameterized Synthesis__\\
  VMCAI'13, with Swen Jacobs and Roderick Bloem\\
  &#8226;[pdf](pdf/Towards_Efficient_Parameterized_Synthesis.pdf)
  &#8226;[slides](slides/Towards_Efficient_Parameterized_Synthesis.pptx)
  &#8226;[bibtex](bibtex/Towards_Efficient_Parameterized_Synthesis.bib)
  \\
  Note: the conference version contains several errors, please either read this version,
  or, even better, my thesis.
